厦门建发集团有限公司 2014-12-19 18:11 新浪厦门 评论（ 人参与） 厦门建发集团有限公司 厦门建发集团有限公司系厦门市政府所属国有投资型企业集团，成立于1980年12月。目前集团注册资本为45亿元人民币。集团现拥有包括厦门建发股份有限公司(上市)、建发房地产集团有限公司、厦门建发旅游集团股份有限公司、联发集团有限公司、厦门会展集团股份有限公司等控股企业，以及厦门航空有限公司、厦门国际银行、厦门农商银行、厦门国际信托有限公司、君龙人寿保险股份有限公司、厦门法拉电子股份有限公司、厦门华侨电子股份有限公司等参股企业，主要业务包括供应链运营、房地产开发、旅游酒店、会展业等。截止目前，集团资产总额超过970亿元人民币，年营业收入超过1040亿元人民币，位列2014年中国企业500强第128位，中国服务业企业500强第48位，并连续多年位居福建省企业集团100强首位。 Founded in December 1980 and affiliated to Xiamen Municipal Government, Xiamen C&D Corporation Limited is a state-owned investment enterprise group with a current registered capital of RMB 4.5 Billion Yuan, a total asset of RMB 97 Billion Yuan and an annual operation revenue of over RMB 100 Billion Yuan. It is now the holding company of Xiamen C&D Inc. (listed)， Xiamen C&D Real Estate Co. Ltd., Xiamen C&D Tourism and Hotels Incorporation, Lianfa (Group) Co., Ltd., Xiamen Conference & Exhibition Group Inc., etc. and the equity participation company of Xiamen Airlines Co., Ltd., Xiamen International Bank, Xiamen Rural Commercial Bank, Xiamen International Trust Co., Ltd. , Xiamen Overseas Chinese Electronic Co., Ltd. , Xiamen Faratronic Co., Ltd. and so on. With a major business covering the fields such as supply chain operation, real estate development, tourism & hotel, conference & exhibition, etc., it has ranked the 128th in China Top 500 Enterprises，the 48 th of China Top 500 Service Enterprises in 2014, and has been ranking as the first of Top 100 Enterprise Groups in Fujian Province consecutively for many years。 公司曾先后获得中国驰名商标、全国五一劳动奖状、全国模范劳动关系和谐企业、全国守合同重信用企业、中国红十字总会“红十字勋章”、福建省文明单位、福建省守合同重信用企业、福建省著名商标、福建省企业知名字号、福建省经济社会突出贡献单位等荣誉称号。 Our company has been successively awarded with National May 1st Labor Certificate, Red Cross Medal from Red Cross Society of China and the honorary titles such as Well-known Trademark of China, National Model Enterprise with Harmony Labor Relation, National Contract Abiding & Trustworthy Enterprise, Fujian Role Model in Ethical and Cultural Progress, Fujian Contract Abiding & Trustworthy Enterprise, Fujian Famous Trademark, Fujian Famous Trade Name, Fujian Enterprise with Outstanding Economic and Social Contribution, etc。